​​​ ​Spoiler for love​ ​​
​​​ ​“Break-up”-ish​ ​​
​​​ ​Spoiler for life​ ​​
​​​ ​“Death”-ish​ ​​
​Spoiler for life
​“Death”-ish
​​​ ​That’s so meaningful​ ​​
​​​ ​and cool...​ ​​
​​​ ​I’m dancing with a “-ish” wordbook​ ​​
​Excuse ​​me.
​Excuse me.
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​That’s “-ish”, that’s “-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​That’s​​
​God-ish
​That’s
​​God-ish
​​​ ​That’s enough, that’s enough​ ​​
​I’m getting ​​excited on the contrary
​​​ ​I’m getting excited on the contrary​ ​​
​​​ ​It’s big, it’s big​ ​​
​​​ ​Your dream, it’s big, it’s big​ ​​
​​​ ​Profitable, yet graciousness is​ ​​
​​​ ​YAAAY​ ​​
​God
​God-​​ish,
​​​ ​That’s​ ​​
​​​ ​unfair​ ​​
​God
​God-​​ish,
​​​ ​That’s​ ​​
​​​ ​I want you, want you, it’s like my IQ’s going down​ ​​
​evil
​evil-hearted,
​​​ ​That’s​ ​​
​​​ ​ultimately​ ​​
​evil
​evil-hearted
​​​ ​That’s​ ​​
​​​ ​I hate you, hate you, who’s the pest now?​ ​​
​​​ ​That hair, those eyes, that mouth​ ​​
​​ ​That perfume, those clothes, that makeup​ ​​
​“That”
​“That”-ish,
​​​ ​It’s​ ​​
​​​ ​compare​ ​​
​“That”
​“That”-ish
​​​ ​It’s​ ​​
​​​ ​That quote, that opinion, that review​ ​​
​​ ​That charisma, that gag, that taste​ ​​
​God
​God-ish,
​​​ ​That’s​ ​​
​​​ ​unfair​ ​​
​How “-ish”, “-ish”, “-ish”
​I’m so jealous!
​Tu
​Tu-ru
​“-ish”
​Tu
​Tu-ru
​“-ish”
​Tu
​Tu-ru
​“-ish”
​That’s “-ish”, that’s “-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​That’s​​
​God-ish
​That’s
​​God-ish
​​​ ​Is the nature of meta-thinking malice?​ ​​
​​​ ​Artifice that looks down on others​ ​​
​​​ ​It’s hard to survive in idleness​ ​​
​​​ ​a flickering light consumed by authority​ ​​
​​​ ​Pretending to be God by denying God​ ​​
​​​ ​Fools who change suddenly on the throne​ ​​
​​​ ​A prayer of self-discipline disguised as criticism​ ​​
​​​ ​What are you talking about?​ ​​
​How annoying,
​​​ ​what are you talking about?​ ​​
​​​ ​What are you talking about?​ ​​
​What are you talking about?
​what are you talking about?
​​​ ​I don't know what you mean,​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm falling asleep, seriously​ ​​
​I don't know what you mean,
​I'm falling asleep, seriously
​​​ ​I’m easily bored,​ ​​
​OK, everyone’s
​​​ ​easily bored, OK​ ​​
​​​ ​I’m easily bored,​ ​​
​I’m easily bored,
​easily bored, OK
​​​ ​Give me something​ ​​
​​​ ​I can dance to -​ ​​
​beam
​​​ ​Give me something​ ​​
​​​ ​I can dance to -​ ​​
​beam
​​​ ​Give me something​ ​​
​​​ ​I can dance to -​ ​​
​beam
​​​ ​Give me something​ ​​
​​​ ​I can dance to -​ ​​
​beam
​​​ ​Give me something​ ​​
​​​ ​I can dance to -​ ​​
​Give me something
​I can dance to -
​​​ ​That's disgusting, that's disgusting​ ​​
​I’m becoming​​ a fan on the contrary
​​​ ​I’m becoming a fan on the contrary​ ​​
​​​ ​It's tiny, it's tiny​ ​​
​​​ ​Your mind, it's tiny, it's tiny​ ​​
​​​ ​Lonely because of your genius​ ​​
​​​ ​How cool…​ ​​
​God
​God-ish,
​​​ ​That’s​ ​​
​​​ ​unfair​ ​​
​God
​God-ish
​​​ ​That’s​ ​​
​​​ ​It’s like dying while insisting "I’m super healthy, healthy"​ ​​
​sounds
​sounds desperate,
​​​ ​That​ ​​
​​​ ​ultimately​ ​​
​sounds
​sounds desperate,
​​​ ​That​ ​​
​​​ ​Melancholic, melancholic, an Epigone’s heel​ ​​
​​​ ​That title, that illustration, that story​ ​​
​​ ​That music, that song, that melody​ ​​
​That title, that illustration, that story
​That music, that song, that melody
​“That”
​“That”-ish,
​​​ ​It’s​ ​​
​​​ ​compare​ ​​
​“That”
​“That”-ish
​​​ ​It’s​ ​​
​​​ ​That quote, that opinion, that review​ ​​
​​ ​That charisma, that gag, that taste​ ​​
​That quote, that opinion, that review
​That charisma, that gag, that taste
​God
​God-ish,
​​​ ​It’s​ ​​
​​​ ​unfair​ ​​
​How “-ish”, “-ish”, “-ish”
​I’m so jealous!
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​That’s “-ish”, that’s “-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​“-ish”
​​​ ​Tu​ ​​
​​​ ​Tu-ru​ ​​
​That’s​​
​God-ish
​That’s
​​God-ish
​​​ ​Spoiler for love​ ​​
​​​ ​“Break-up”-ish​ ​​
​​​ ​Spoiler for life​ ​​
​​​ ​“Death”-ish​ ​​
​​​ ​I understood everything​ ​​
​​​ ​and suffered​ ​​
​​​ ​I just wanted to dance without knowing​ ​​
​li​​fe.
​life.
​Tim​​ing :ピノキオピー PINOCCHIOP OFFICIAL CHANNE
​Su​​btitle Style : seinai_z
​Timing :ピノキ​​オピ​ー PINOCCHIOP OFFICIAL CHANNE
​Subtit​​l​e Style : seinai_z
​Timing :ピノキオピー PINOCCH​​IO​P OFFICIAL CHANNE
​Subtitle Styl​​e ​: seinai_z
​Timing :ピノキオピー PINOCCHIOP OFFICI​​AL C​HANNE
​Subtitle Style : sei​​na​i_z
​Timing :ピノキオピー PINOCCHIOP OFFICIAL CHANNE
​Subtitle Style : seinai_z
​Timing :ピノキオピー PINOCCHIOP OFFICIAL CHA​​NNE
​Subtitle Style : seinai​​_z
​Timing :ピノキオピー PINOCCHIOP O​​FFI​CIAL CHANNE
​Subtitle Style : ​​se​inai_z
​Timing :ピノキオピー PI​​NO​CCHIOP OFFICIAL CHANNE
​Subtitle S​​t​yle : seinai_z
​Timin​​g :ピ​ノキオピー PINOCCHIOP OFFICIAL CHANNE
​Sub​​ti​tle Style : seinai_z